David Ulevitch#@David Ulevitch is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of OpenDNS. An acclaimed DNS and Internet security expert, David started OpenDNS in 2005 after identifying a need for a better performing, more secure DNS service than what was previously available to network administrators. Under David’s leadership as CEO of OpenDNS, he grew the company from inception to profitability, and to a customer base of millions of users around the world. Prior to founding OpenDNS, David started EveryDNS, an authoritative DNS service that continues to operate today. David received a bachelor’s degree in anthropology from Washington University in St. Louis in 2004.@#
Dan Hubbard#@Dan Hubbard is the Chief Technology Officer for OpenDNS. A pioneering force in Internet security for more than 20 years, Dan’s expertise spans from reputation systems to large scale data mining of the Internet and advanced classification systems. Dan joined OpenDNS to expand the company’s breadth and depth of knowledge of security and products, assist in delivering disruptive new technologies and drive innovation company-wide. Prior to OpenDNS, Dan was the CTO at Websense, where he was responsible for research and development of existing and new technologies, investigating technology trends and driving innovation globally across the company. Additionally, he conceived, built, and managed the Websense Security Labs. Dan has presented at almost every major security conference around the globe, appeared on several international media outlets and is frequently quoted in the media.@#
Burt W. Podbere#@Burt W. Podbere is the Chief Financial Officer for OpenDNS. He has more than 20 years of financial and operations management experience with both pre-IPO and post-IPO technology companies. He most recently served as CFO of networking company Net Optics, driving growth that resulted in its successful acquisition by Ixia (NASDAQ: XXIA) in December 2013. Podbere also managed the successful IPO of Epocrates (NASDAQ: EPOC), an athenahealth company and developer of the leading U.S. point-of-care medical application for physicians. He has held executive management positions at Adterative, Symantec and Amdocs. At Amdocs he built two Shared Service Centers that spanned EMEA and Canada. Podbere began his career with Ernst and Young and is a Chartered Accountant. He holds a B.A. in Economics from McGill University.@#
Jeff Samuels#@Jeff Samuels is the Chief Marketing Officer for OpenDNS. As a proven cloud marketing and product executive, Jeff is tasked with driving global adoption of OpenDNS’s line of network security services. Prior to joining OpenDNS, he served as CMO at GoGrid, a leading Infrastructure-as-a-Service company. Under Samuels’ leadership, GoGrid scaled cloud services and successfully repositioned itself from a regional hosting company to a dominant cloud player recognized by Gartner as one of the world’s largest providers. Jeff also served as General Manager and Vice President at Neustar and GM and EVP of Marketing at UltraDNS. Jeff earned a bachelor’s degree from Columbia University.@#
Marc Gemassmer#@Marc Gemassmer is the Vice President of Worldwide Sales for OpenDNS. A seasoned sales executive, Marc is highly skilled in building and managing world-class SaaS sales teams that are proven to deliver results. Marc joined OpenDNS to expand the global sales footprint of Umbrella. Prior to OpenDNS, Marc was Senior Vice President of Sales at Alteryx, a leader in strategic analytics, and Vice President of Sales at Flexera Software where he grew revenue over 300 percent. Marc also held senior domestic and international leadership positions at SAP and PTC.  Marc holds a BA from UC Berkeley.@#
Chris Doell#@Chris Doell is the Vice President of Customer Success for OpenDNS. He brings over 25 years of services leadership experience in both software and SaaS-based companies, where he developed worldwide service teams that were known for their customer loyalty and retention. Prior to OpenDNS, Mr.Doell held leadership positions at Intuit, Macromedia, Zenprise/Citrix, NetGravity/Doubleclick, and Workshare. He also was Founder and CEO of sportsTALK.com, an online sports content publisher that was acquired by ESPN. Mr. Doell holds a B.A. in Business Administration from Loyola Marymount University.@#